#Reflection document.  ADD "/index.html" TO ACCESS REAL SUBMISSION ^^^^^

This was an interesting final. When I started I didn't think it would use everything we learned, but it really did. I used objects, classes, arrays, functions, conditionals, and even my first ever switch statement. When we used classes and objects previously, it felt forced, like it wasn't necessary. This project gave me a real situation where I intuitively decided to use a class because it made the most sense. That felt good. The challenges I faced started at the beginning, just figuring out where to start. I immediately decided to use an array, looking back on a previous assignment from the DOM unit where it was easy to addd rows and columns to it. I tried just adding DOM elements, but realized things would get out of hand and I had no way of saving multiple tasks. So I created a task class and a task list array to manage them all. I then had to add many attributes to the task class over the course of the program. the DelID attribute confused me a little bit. Something I was stuck on for a while was trying to refresh the page when an action other than adding a task was performed. This led to me creating a function within the add task function called Draw(), which redrew all of the tasks onto the screen. This allowed me to redraw the tasks whenever one was deleted or marked as done. Draw being nested within addTask is admittedly a flimsy solution, but it does work. 

For me, it was intuitive to make each task a row in a table and each part a new "td", but others may have done it differently. I also intuitively custom sorted the task list by priority, which wasn't even in the rubric but just made sense to me. One of the biggest issues I encountered was the done checkbox not checking. It worked, adding and removing the strikethrough, but it stayed checked regardless. For some reason, removing a call to uncheck it alleviated this problem. Another issue I ran into was that the Date() object was more of a "exact time and date" object. I solved this by slicing only the first 10 characters of it, which should always return the month, day, and year. 

